caarlos0/jvm
djui/alias-tips

## comments are supported like this
caarlos0/zsh-mkc
caarlos0/zsh-open-github-pr
greymd/tmux-xpanes
b4b4r07/enhancd
#zsh-users/zsh-completions
zchee/zsh-completions
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions

## annotations are also allowed:
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/aws
junegunn/fzf path:shell
bbenne10/goenv

## Bundles from the default repo (robbyrussell's oh-my-zsh)
## https://medium.com/@falieson/setup-zsh-w-antigen-and-a-spacey-theme-7a66808218dc
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/git
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/heroku
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/pip
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/lein
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/last-working-dir
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/command-not-found
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/autojump
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/brew
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/common-aliases
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/compleat
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/git-extras
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/npm
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/osx
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/chucknorris
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/docker
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/encode64
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/kubectl
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/pyenv
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/python
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/redis-cli
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/ruby
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/rvm
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/sbt
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/scala
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/tmux
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/tmuxinator
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/vagrant
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/vi-mode
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/virtualenvwrapper
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/vscode
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/yarn
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/web-search
#robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/z

#### empty lines are skipped

docker/cli path:contrib/completion/zsh kind:fpath
#nnao45/zsh-kubectl-completion

zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search ./zsh-history-substring-search.zsh

# Theme, should be the last:
denysdovhan/spaceship-prompt
